Alia is a University student in final year of B.A Business Administration. Alia is currently doing her internship at a Multinational Marketing Firm. With a hope to launch career into Marketing, Alia wants to network with her co-workers in the company. She volunteered to bring coffee for her team from the coffee shop near the office. She would ask her colleagues for coffee preferences, make the list, call the coffee shop to place order, and walk in to the shop to pick-up the order. Within a week, the coffee orders increased from 3 to more than 15, as more colleagues approached Alia with their orders, special instructions and dietary needs. Alia was overwhelmed with the fear of getting her colleagues order incorrectly. She was almost at the verge of break down when the coffee shop did not have a part of the order ready when Alia went to collect it. The other half that was ready, was now cold.
The coffee shop owner noticed Alia’s frustration and informed her about the group ordering option on the café website. Next day when Alia went to her office, she created an account with the Coffee4U website, and saw the option for Group ordering the owner told her about. About 20 minutes before the coffee break, Alia started placing the coffee order, selected the group order option, selected the group size and sent out link to order individual orders to the entire team she wanted to get coffee for. The link had a countdown timer, so everyone has to place their orders within the 5 minutes timeline. After her colleagues submitted their orders, Alia received a consolidated list of items in her order on her portal. She scanned to check if all members in her list had responded and hit confirm order, with payment screen. After the order was placed, Alia noticed the portal showed her the stage of her order, and expected time for pick-up.
Alia was happy because her order was complete, her colleagues were satisfied and she could actually work on her internship project than running around collecting coffee orders for her colleagues.
